default_max_transition value
----------------------------
The default_max_transition time for this library has been set to coincide with
the maximum transition time for which the library has been characterized. For
most designs, the default_max_transition will be too high, so it should be
adjusted, using the set_max_transition command in Synopsys, to a more
appropriate value specific to the target design.

Wireload models
---------------
The wireload tables included within these timing models are FOR REFERENCE
ONLY. Wireload models are very subjective to variations due to place & route
design style, place & route tools, number of metal layers, block size, routing
density and other design specific parameters. It is strongly recommended that
users develop their own wireload models for their specific design environment
for the highest level of accuracy.

Process K-factors
-----------------
For each Synopsys library (fast, typical, slow), both the "nom_process"
variable and the "process" operating condition are set to 1. Because each
corner library was characterized using the foundry's corresponding process
models (FF for fast, TT for typical, SS for slow), it is not necessary to
derate the process condition within Synopsys. When mixing ARM libraries
with other vendor libraries, the ARM process operating condition should be
set equal to the nom_process value to maintain timing accuracy.

Transition Time Measurements
---------------------------- 
Transition time measurements are made from 30% of VDD to 70% of VDD for rising
signal transitions. Transition time measurements are made from 70% of VDD to
30% of VDD for falling signal transitions. In order to remain compatible with
standards predominantly accepted by other IP vendors, the transition
measurements have been extrapolated to 10% and 90% thresholds in the timing
models.

"dont_use" Properties
---------------------
The following cells have the "dont_use" property set by default:

  MXI2DX1ADTH   MXI2DX2ADTH  MXI2DX4ADTH MXI2DXLADTH 
  RF1R1WX1ADTH  RF2R1WX1ADTH
  TIEHIADTH     TIELOADTH
  
The RF* cells are designed for building custom register file instances, which
cannot by synthesized by DesignCompiler. The RF* cells must be instantiated by
hand or by hand-crafted script to build custom register file instances.

The TIE* cells have the dont_use property set due to widespread customer
requests that prefer to tie off signals directly to the VDD and VSS rails. If
you prefer to tie off pins using the TIEHI/TIELO cells, you should disable the
"dont_use" properties on TIEHI/TIELO cells in the Synopsys libraries.

The MXI2D cell architecture uses transmission gate  inputs for the data input
pins and a double-buffered select signal to minimize the risk associated with
transmission gate inputs. Do not drive MXI2D inputs from MXI2, ACCSHCIN,
ACCSHCON, ACHCIN, ACHCON, ADDH, AFHCIN, AFHCON, AHHCIN, AND AHHCON cells.
Furthermore, special care should be taken in designs that use multiple
voltage domains for standard cell regions. Do not allow high voltage signals
to be coupled into the input pins, A and B, when the cell is used in a low
voltage domain; otherwise, it may be possible for the cell to latch. If your
design methodology does not permit cells with transmission gate inputs, the 
MXI2 cell may be used as an alternative.

"min_period" Property
---------------------
All sequential cells in the .lib file have this clock pin property set:

   min_period : 1.000000;

This property has the effect of limiting a design's clock frequency to
1.0GHz.  Commonly used design flows may not be able to support the required
accuracy for designs targeted for clock frequencies higher than this limit.
Contact ARM Physical IP technical support for designs targeting higher
clock frequencies.

Electromigration Guideline Compliance
-------------------------------------
ARM standard cell libraries are designed to meet foundry electromigration
guidelines for normal chip design usage; however, it is the chip designer's
responsibility to ensure that electromigration guidelines are met at the chip
level with regard to foundry guidelines as well as ARM's guidelines for
how the library will be used. The following three ARM guidelines must be
met in order to ensure safe use of the standard cell library within the
electromigration guidelines of the foundry.

  1. The width of the Metal1 VDD and VSS power buses in the standard cells has
     been sized to provide adequate current to the cells. Vertical power
     straps must be placed with sufficient frequency to provide adequate
     current distribution to the standard cell power buses. For more details,
     see the section entitled "Power-Rail Strapping" in the standard cell user
     guide.
     
  2. The output pin metal for each standard cell has been sized to accomodate
     multiple vias necessary (for worst case electromigration conditions) to
     meet via electromigration guidelines, although oversized Metal1 output
     pins do not necessarily require multiple vias. The number of vias
     required to meet electromigration guidelines is design dependent, and the
     chip designer must use an appropriate number of vias and wire width when
     routing from an output pin.

  3. The internal layouts of the standard cells have been designed and
     verified to comply with the manufacturer's electromigration guidelines
     under normal usage. Normal usage is defined as follows:

     o The current required by the cell does not exceed the maximum current
       that can be supplied by the Metal1 power buses.

     o The output transition times (measured using 10% & 90% thresholds), for
       a cell outside the clock tree network, must be no greater than 20% of
       the total cycle time, or must be no greater than 10% of the cycle time
       for any of the output pins of that particular cell. Limiting the output
       transition time has the effect of limiting the load driven by the cell
       which will reduce the cell's current draw, making it comply with
       electromigration guidelines. Ratios larger than 20% are not appropriate
       for commonly used design flows and are unlikely to be encountered in
       normal designs.

     o For a cell in the clock tree network, transition times must not exceed
       10% of the total cycle time for that cell.
